# CS370
CS370 Current/Emerging Trends in CS

**Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?**
This project involved teaching a pirate how to navigate a maze with boundaries and obstacles to reach treasure at the end. We used machine learning so it could optimize its path and reach it in the fewest moves possible, thereby receiving the most amount of points. I was given the majority of the code and was tasked with implementing a Q-learning method for the pirate's route to be iterated on with. With the completed method the pirate was able to work his way through the maze efficiently.

**Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:**
Computer scientists are able to tackle modern problems by optimizing and automating services, tasks, and calculations. From making simple calculators, to invesment return software, to programming simulations of rocket flight or disease spread a lot can be done with the help of programmers and computer science experts. Since there are a wide variety of tasks and problems we can take on the approach can make a big difference of how you tackle the problem. Setting up goals, collaborating with peers, investigating new resources available help tremendously to help me solve what I need to. With programming, and AI/neural networks especially it is essential to be ethical about the treatment of your users and anyone that your code can affect. Ensuring privacy, security, and only collecting and using exaclty what data you need to minimize impact on users is what I strive to accomplish. In addition to securing user's private data any code I create should not harm anyone. From malicious hacks to leaking private data it is my responsibility to protect users from harm.
